play looky there it's red she's free
the ancient terrorist squid is a girl
really handsome
you know what free you're alright
I tell you what why don't you take a
wheel you're in it let's do it oh you
forgetting something he's gonna crash it
yeah you see you Oh No Oh what happened
you need to get to the crossbows after
our load them up they're a few shots
from those bad boys should bring that
beast down a notch I'm alright we can't
guess bleeper remember
let's go left okay a sticky situation I
got him
it can afford
yeah he's down
go break out runs crystals you don't
look me I'm somebody's
Oh oh shoot put sprinkles Louisville you
back and tuck behind that shuttle put
600 I'm all in the middle o Nappers
locking down
arouse Christians here looks
oh my god
get that pizza
I was wrong
so much harder
oh shoot anywhere
break up those crystals ah Kevin no you
see the guy I want to hear some of the
new old ones we're not using the old
Skylanders maybe later on boys it is
news guys
okay keep acting in to destroy all those
creature pick up get up
get out of the technicals
awesome a hitch
Oh snappers Oh snaps all right so who
okay go
I'm gonna use you lousy lousy guy Josh
you don't look
uh-oh
you do now that's not cool it's all like
I reject
well he has uh I think that's heartburn
because I heard is employers
dai manga die oh we do
where's Peter oh man Mizzou loud
just you
play little I am
oi
yeah cool guys and girls don't look at
explosions no damn is tanking
oh she would died Ted evaporated we're
too late
you
you may have delayed my inevitable
victory so far but now it is time for
you to taste the bitter taste of defeat
at the hands of chaos
ha double mannequins you've all been
cast into the never-ending pit of
colossal defeat not now I'm savoring my
conquest I'm a lord chaos I really think
you should see this
you fish you freeloaders this is my evil
lair and you're all trespassing now get
out
that's no way to talk to your guests
mother what are you doing here what any
loving evil mother would do for her
desperately flailing son and his hours
need I've come to help and they've
brought a few friends without ever
nickel meza past one
oh shoot oh no no aah
popcorn all right who shall I pick all
right let's do a swap er no swapping